Cleanup and document `engine-sample.cars` (#503)
GameDevTecnico/cubos: engine/samples/voxels/page.md

# Voxels {#examples-engine-voxels}

@brief Using the @ref voxels-plugin plugin.

This example shows how the @ref voxels-plugin plugin, can be used to load voxel grids.

![](voxels/output.png)

The plugin function is included from the @ref engine/voxels/plugin.hpp header.
To see the asset, you'll also need to perform a basic configuration of the @ref renderer-plugin plugin like shown in the @ref examples-renderer-sample sample.

@snippet voxels/main.cpp Adding the plugin

> Lets start by getting the assets we want to use. Each asset has an id through which we can get a handle to it. This id is specified in the .meta file associated to the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lets start by defining the handles of the assets we want to use, as done in the @ref examples-engine-assets samples.
```

@snippet voxels/main.cpp Get handles to assets

> Next, let's assign the palette, that we have in our assets folder, to be used by the renderer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this sample, instead of creating a new palette, we just read the data from the asset identified from the `PaletteAsset` handle we defined previously. Internally, the @ref cubos::engine::Assets "assets manager" will automatically load the palette asset if it hasn't been loaded before.
```
